{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green31\blue36;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c85000;\csgenericrgb\c12054\c12284\c14131;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab741
\pard\tx741\pardeftab741\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 <align = "center">
\f1\fs30 \

\f0\fs36     <b>CONSENT FORM</b>
\f1\fs30 \

\f0\fs36     Assessment of Migraine
\f1\fs30 \

\f0\fs36 </align>
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 You are invited to be in a research study about how to assess your migraine patterns and symptoms. We ask that you read this form and ask any questions you may have before agreeing to be in the study.
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 This study is being conducted by Dr. Erin M. Buchanan, Professor of Cognitive Analytics at Harrisburg University of Science and Technology. 
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 <b>Background Information:</b>
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 We are interested in the assessment of your migraine patterns, symptoms, and the effects on your normal day-to-day functioning. 
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 <b>Procedures:</b>
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 The study includes completing a headache diary by entering information about your headaches or migraines each day for a month. You will be prompted to enter your information across the month. You will also take a migraine assessment tool at the beginning and end of the study. The headache diary should take three to five minutes to complete on days you enter headache information and less than one minute if you did not have a headache to report. The assessment tool should also take three to five minutes to complete. 
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 <b>Risks and Benefits of being in the Study:</b>
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 One possible risk of the study is that you may feel uncomfortable reporting your migraine symptoms. However, the confidentiality-guaranteeing procedures employed by the researchers will minimize this risk. The research team will closely guard your information. One benefit to providing this data is that the research team will provide you feedback and information on your migraine patterns that you can share with your health care provider to improve your treatment. 
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 <b>Compensation:</b>
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 If you complete 80% of the headache diary, you will be entitled to a $10 Amazon gift card for your time and effort. 
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 <b>Confidentiality:</b>
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 Measures are taken to ensure that all information you provide will be anonymous. Only members of the research team will have access to the original dataset, which will be stored on a password-locked computer. Your name or other identifying information will not be entered into the dataset and no references will be made in verbal or written reports that could link you to the study. In any publication, information will be provided in such a way that you cannot be identified. 
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 <b>Data Sharing:</b>
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 De-identified data from this study may be shared with the research community at large to advance science and health. We will remove or code any personal information that could identify you before files are shared with other researchers to ensure that, by current scientific standards and known methods, no one will be able to identify you from the information we share. 
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 Before your data are shared outside the research team, any potentially identifying information will be removed. The anonymous data may be used by the research team or shared with other researchers, for both related and unrelated research purposes in the future. Your anonymous data may also be made available in online data repositories such as the Open Science Framework (which are free data repositories that require registration to have access), which allow other researchers and interested parties to access the data for further analysis.
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 Your data will be stored on the application until you decide to delete your account. You may also decide to unenroll from the study and retain your data on your account, but researchers would not use this data for any future analysis or publication. 
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 <b>Voluntary Nature of the Study</b>
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 Participation in this study is voluntary: Your decision whether or not to participate will not affect your current or future relations with Harrisburg University of Science and Technology. If you decide to participate, you are free to not answer any question or withdraw at any time without affecting those relationships. 
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 <b>Contacts and Questions:</b>
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 The researchers conducting this study are Dr. Erin M. Buchanan in partnership with Clinvest Research, LLC. You may ask any questions you have now. If you have questions later, you are encouraged to contact Dr. Erin M. Buchanan at ebuchanan@harrisburgu.edu.
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 <b>Questions or Concerns:</b>
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 This study has been reviewed by Harrisburg University of Science and Technology\'92s Institutional Review Board (IRB).  The IRB has determined that this study fulfills the human research subject protections obligations required by state and federal law and University policies.  
\f1\fs30 \
\

\f0\fs36 A copy of this information to keep for your records will be provided upon request.
\f1\fs30 \
\
}